Now let's add this same test for just so opening the app component just as now.
We are going to start with the visibility of the logout link and right here in the log in, describe
look, we are checking the visibility of my profiling, so it's going to be something similar to this
one.
So we are going to check for the look out.
So this is filling the form for login.
Then before clicking the summit, it is checking the visibility of the the link on number.
Initially it won't be visible.
Then after a successful login it will be visible.
So this time we are going to check the log out.
But this is not a link, this is a span.
So for querying that thing, we can use query by text and the text is logout.
So initially it won't be visible.
Then let's wait for it to be visible find by text and the text is logout.
So this is going to be logout link.
So this is the test that's saved this one.
And it has our blessing.
Now let's add the the logout interactions test.
So adding right here, it displays login and sign up after clicking logout.
So we are going to.
Do similar steps.
Again, just copying the things from lookout visibility test.
Just copying these.
So we are calling setup form, but now we are just going to click the button.
So this is going to be making the login request and in the end it's going to be successful.
So we can wait until this lockout link to appear.
Then we are going to click to this one user event, click lockout link.
Now this is going to be updating the layout.
So this time we will see the login and sign up links and we can use this one, this query.
And this is going to be, let's say login link and we are creating a link element and the text will
be login and we can do the same thing for sign up as well.
Let's say this is sign up, link, sign up.
So saving this one.
And this is also passing.
But we we have a warning here.
It is saying the more service worker we have here, this one is has captured a request and there is
no measure for that.
And this request is for API one zero logout.
So we are going to add it here.
So let's define it.
At the moment, we didn't have the test for checking the request, but we already have the implementation.
So whenever we click to the logout, it is making that request and the the mock service worker implementation
is catching that one here.
So let's add the the handler here raised post and request is going to API one zero logout
and basically we will just return a success response from this one return response.
Context Status 200.
So this is the success response.
Let's save it.
And those are pressing and that warning is gone.
Now, let's add our next test, which is a clearing the storage.
So if we check the component spec test here, we were checking the visibility of the log in and sign
up and then we are checking the storage after clicking log out.
So adding the same test, it clears storage of the user logs out.
So again, copying the steps here and this is.
And here clicking log out and let's wait until a visual reference like logging log in link to be visible.
Then we can check the state local storage state get item, let's get the old and we expect this state
to be null saving this one.
And the tests are passing.
Let's add the last test.
And this is for checking the request, log out request going to backend.
So this one it sends logout request to back.
And
so here clicking the logout link.
Now we have the server right here so we can use this one for checking the request.
Previously we have used sign up component.
Let's check that signup component test.
We have used this one to count the request coming to this one, or we use the same approach in the activation
right here.
We were counting the request and we were checking the counts in the test as well.
And so we can do the same here.
So let's have a counter here.
Let's go.
This one is look out counter initially zero and we will increase it when we receive a request to this
endpoint, increase it by one and let's make sure we set it back to zero before each test.
And in this test, in this sense, log out, request the back end.
Now we can check the count like after clicking the logout.
Let's again wait for login link to be visible.
Then we can check check the counter, look out counter to be one saving this one.
And the tests are passing.